Welcome. In my role as
Principal Security Strategist,
I've seen how the incident response
operations that you'll learn about in this
course are implemented in an organization.
One of the things I find so
exciting about detecting and
responding to incidents is the challenge
of using data to understand what
an adversary has done in my
organization's environment.
No two investigations are ever the same,
but there are patterns of behavior
that you can learn to spot as
you hone your analytic skills.
Previously, you established a solid
understanding of asset security,
threats, and vulnerabilities.
You explored the NIST Cyber Security
Framework, or CSF, as a methodology for
risk management.
You learned about mitigating
organizational risk through classifying
and securing assets.
And you also explored security and
privacy controls to safeguard data.
You used tools like MITRE and CVE to
investigate common vulnerabilities and
used techniques like threat modeling
to develop an attacker's mindset.
Next, we'll revisit the NIST CSF with a
focus on the incident response lifecycle.
You'll be given your own incident handler's
journal, which you'll use throughout
the rest of the course.
You'll also be introduced to
incident response teams, including
the different team roles and
how they organize to respond to incidents.
And finally, you'll learn about
the different types of documentation,
detection, and
management tools you'll use as a security
professional working in incident response.
Later on, you'll have
an opportunity to use these tools.
Are you ready to begin your
journey in detection and response?
Let's begin!